Update glossary.md (#247)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/reference/glossary.md

A unique identifier used to authenticate a user or a calling program to an API. An API key is required to authenticate to the Neon API. For more information, see [Using API keys](/docs/get-started-with-neon/using-api-keys/).

### Backpressure

> A mechanism that manages the lag between the Pageserver and compute node or the Pageserver and Write-Ahead Log (WAL) service. If a compute node or WAL service runs ahead of the Pageserver, the time to serve page requests increases, which can result in timeout errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A mechanism that manages the lag between the Pageserver and Compute Node or the Pageserver and Write-Ahead Log (WAL) service. If a compute node or WAL service runs ahead of the Pageserver, the time to serve page requests increases, which could result in increased query durations or timeout errors.
```

please verify with engineers :)
